2) A letter of application detailing your specific qualifications for the position and your career goals (named: QUALIFICATIONS, familyname, ref. number):
 - Maximum one A4 page. 

Major responsibilities
Applications are invited for postdoctoral positions in the study of evolved stars and/or star formation. The ERC funded research group of Dr. Wouter Vlemmings will focus on radio, millimeter and/or sub-millimeter wavelength observations of evolved stars or star forming regions (in particular of magnetic fields) with instruments such as ALMA, JVLA, eMERLIN and APEX. The postdocs will work on related topics and will also be able to carry out their own research in collaboration with affiliated group members.
The successful candidates will join a research group with close ties to the Nordic ALMA Regional Center (ARC) node. They will have access to advanced radiative transfer modeling tools and the possibility todevelop MHD simulations. The successful applicants will work mainly at Onsala Space Observatory, where Chalmers hosts the Swedish National Facility for Radio Astronomy.
The position can also allow for teaching on undergraduate and master's levels as well as supervising master's and/or PhD students to a certain extent. Another important aspect involves collaboration within academia and with society at large. The position is meritorious for future research duties within academia as well as industry/the public sector.


To gain insight into the mass-loss mechanisms, I have observed these stars using both millimeter and centimeter radio interferometric techniques, which have probed both their wind acceleration zones and their circumstellar environments. As a post-doctoral researcher at the ASIAA I plan to continue such millimeter and centimeter interferometric observations using instruments such as ALMA, the JVLA, and e-MERLIN. I believe my research interests complement those of the  interstellar and circumstellar (ICSM) group at the ASIAA, while my experience in radio interferometric data analysis would also be of great benefit to the ASIAA group in general.

The millimeter interferometric line emission data were fully reduced by myself using CASA. The analysis required knowledge of interferometric spatial scales and imaging techniques such as CLEAN and multi-scale CLEAN. 

As part of this project, I planned and prepared two
sets of observations of multi-frequency centimeter continuum observations with the JVLA. Different
frequencies required different observing strategies, such as choice of calibrator (both flux and phase)
and length of observing scans. All data analysis was again carried out in CASA by myself. The
large bandwidth now provided by the JVLA required additional steps to mitigate RFI, and to
create wideband images.

As part of this project, I planned and prepared two sets of observations of multi-frequency centimeter continuum observations with the JVLA. Different frequencies required different observing strategies, such as choice of calibrator (both flux and phase) and length of observing scans. All data analysis was again carried out in CASA by myself. The large bandwidth now provided by the JVLA required additional steps to mitigate RFI, and to create wideband images.
